[Music]
neshama
what I saw today is which way Rupe in
the morning first day first show and
it's my vishwaroop the kaya hair Taliban
yoga or hungry kyoka so in basically VC
America and Afghanistan created mr.
Kamal Haasan who is playing a kashmiri
muslim is actually a raw agent that is
research and analysis wing of India and
he is posing as a Catholic dancer to
begin with that's how the movie starts
we don't know what is exactly happening
it movie begins as a customer as kamal
haasan being the guts of dancer and he's
a brilliant dancer so he's danced really
well with his go please pooja Kumar
plays the wife of kamal haasan who is
known as dr. nirupama and she apparently
plays a nuclear oncologist who's
supposed to be having a PhD and
throughout the film she behaves like a
BIM bit like a person who has a ph.d
cannot be a lil bit right and she
doesn't even know her husband is not if
a minute she doesn't know he's some raw
agent she she she she constantly thinks
that he has an affair outside she
doesn't know he's a Muslim like staying
with one man in a house she doesn't know
any of this but she knows how to fail
how to stop above she actually high as a
detective who is even dumber than her to
actually find out what's wrong with her
own husband so that they're throughout
that that part of the film with where it
begins it's pretty much slapstick it's
not funny though they've tried to create
you more but it's just not funny i'm
sorry rahul bose in the beginning when
he's actually wearing his eye and all
which is a fake one with its hilarious
like I think the volta was laughing
that's all that out but towards as the
film proceeds it gets more serious and
gets more interesting
[Music]
Kamal Hassan has actually copied the
idea from Hollywood films in most
Hollywood films I think the Americans
are intelligent and the Russians are
done right exactly in this film only the
Taliban ease and mr. Oh agent mr. Kamal
Hassan is our intelligent but the FBI
the American FBI are totally der so
shankar-ehsaan-loy I have given a
variety of music there's a song we're
actually kamal haasan's changing point
or the turning point of the film comes
where we realize that he's actually a
royal junt and not a Catholic dancer is
nice that's the title track of the film
which is visscher ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo
something like that there are the songs
which come along in where they're
situated in Afghanistan that is the calc
ideas and joy hadiza in the background
but the music is a semi rock or English
so the whole contra so the fact that
there is Islam as I'm shown in the
background and in your songs playing
which have a lot of meaning they have a
lot of truth behind the song is very
nice they complement each other a lot
and they're very striking i would say
bimbette turns intelligent in the climax
scene that is miss pooja kumar who is
the nuclear oncologist suddenly realizes
that the pressure cooker has just gone
off and now we were wondering actually
why is the pressure cooker on the gas
just before the bomb was supposed to be
set off you mean that was that the last
suffer for the black guy was he planning
to eat to his last meal before dying why
would he keep a pressure cooker on there
on the gas and that pressure cooker is
actually the hero of the film because
that sets off and then she sees the
microwave and she puts it over the bone
and that's where the bomb fails to get
on it and the best hero for wish
mr. chrétien yes that's right this is
the real hero of the film other film may
inhibit stuff though here New York
develop the film is written directed
co-produced and acted by dr. Kamal
Haasan so i would say i am giving him a
five-on-five that's full marks hundred
percent but the film lacks had a lot of
places there's a lot of slapstick comedy
and things like that so i would say
three three out of five